Hi. My name is Jillian and I have worked at Samsung,
in Korea and also an ad tech startup in San Francisco.
Mostly my career has been building actually big data platforms and ingestion pipelines.
The concept that I'll be teaching in this course,
I will be applying or I have applied at my previous jobs
that when a streaming analytics was required,
I've used Spark streaming and Kafka which will be actually the students final project.
Everything has been about data recently,
and it is crucial to a lot of businesses that are streaming,
not just streaming but small micro batches or
even a single event of streams have been happening more recently like retails,
banks like finances, anything that you can think of.
So I think it is very important that you stay on top of
the new technology and start learning on streaming analytics.
Throughout this course, the students will learn a generic idea of streaming.
We'll be using Spark Streaming but you can also apply
these ideas to Apache Flink, ApacheSpark,
any other streaming libraries and also we'll be using one of
the most popular data ingestion for streaming.
This course we'll be using Kafka but you can apply the same
constant to either use Kubernetes or GCP if you really want to use that,
and we'll be integrating these two concepts to generate and
repeat like a POC product that you can use for your showcase or portfolio.
The students can definitely apply for any data engineering jobs,
although we are not going heavily over data warehousing projects.
But the students who will be able to make
a small pipeline that is a simple ETL pipeline for example.
So I think they can definitely apply for a starting out data engineering jobs.
I will say the hiring managers would look for some data warehousing skills,
data analytic skills, and data pipeline skills.
So this is more like a software engineer who
is building out an application that does data streaming and analytics.
I'll be covering building out an ETL pipeline mostly so
that we integrate a data source and data streaming pipelines,
and some statistical analysis at the end.
We'll be able to definitely cover some essential part
of the skill set that's required by some hiring managers.
I've used it for some real-time analytics,
it's helpful when you have a bunch of data coming in so you don't
always want to do
a batch like an hour or two or even like a half a day of batch processing,
this is useful when you're using few minutes or even few seconds on Windows.